1) PropTypes are a way for developers to catch bugs within React before the bugs become a larger problem. It checks the prop type being passed into the component to ensure that the prop being used within a component is the correct type (i.e. string, number, funcation, boolean, etc.) This. is important to use to overcome Javascript's built in dynamic typung feature which can inadvertantly transform the data to a type that is not compatible or desired with the component or function the developer is trying to implement.
2) A lifecycle event in React is a set of phases in a components existance/use. These phases are Mounting, Updating, and Unmounting. Within the Mounting phase a component is build from the ground up, receives it's intial data from the constructo, invokes the render method, and calls the componentDidMount. The Updating phase is when the component's data is updated through setSet and then calling the render method (or you can stop the render by using shouldComponentUpdate method.) The Unmounting phases is when the component is removed from from the screen, and at this phase the componentWillUnmount method can be called to clear any uneccessary data/state.
3) A Higer Order Component (HOC) is a funcation that receives a React Component as an argument and returns a new Component. HOC's allow developers to reuse shared information and functionalites between components and avoid repeating code. They can in turn be used as containers/wrappers for other compoents and perform conditional renders of these similar components. HOC's don't modify the imput components or use inheritance to copy its behavior; they simply compose the original components by wrapping it is a container component. This allows HOC's to be functions with zero side effects.
4) 
CSS Stylesheets: 
Pros - All styling code is within one global css file or a few css files contained within a common file directory as the elements they are styling which makes it easier to locate where the styling is located and keep all styling in one location. Developer has full control on all styling. No new syntax to learn or dependies/installs. No additional nested elements as all coded elements are styled through class names.
Cons - Must style every element. Hard to find styling of specific elements quickly; developer would have to look through many lines of a global stylesheet. By use of same class names and nest elements style leeking can easily occur.

CSS Libraries/Frameworks:
Pros - Do not have to style every element as many elements and components are pre-styled. Less actually css code lines required which cuts back on CSS stylesheets. Userfriendly forms and components allow developers to quickly and neatly style entire components or applications with a few dependencies.
Cons - Harder to add personal styling to a Libraries pre styled component. Does require dependencies/installs. Have to learn the libraries/framworks syntax and code library. Can create a nested element effect whereby your element is contained with the library's component element with can be difficult to determine if the element you are created is allowed to be nested inside of the library's pre-determined element type.

Styled-Components:
Pros: All styled elements are coded on the js Component file. Elements styles can easily be found based on the location of the component. No CSS stylesheets required. Can pass in css props through js.
Cons: Dependencies/installs required. New syntz to be learned. Can create a very deep nested element system with random assigned class names making it difficule to find elements and or reference elements.
